so I have moved a few times in the Navy. Um, I started out in Akron, Ohio,
from Akron, Ohio. I went to Ingleside, Texas, from Texas to Jacksonville,
from Jacksonville to Great Lakes, Great Lakes to Bethesda,
Maryland, from Maryland to here in California. Some of the things
I realized with moving and having Children is that the expectation is
we expect our Children to adjust. Um, like we adjust. Sometimes that's
not the case. Um, So I have six Children, five boys and one girl,
most of them when I transferred to different locations, they went
with me, and the expectation is they'll get it. They're resilient,
and for the most part, they are. But I think the biggest challenge was
wanting them to, uh, adjust quickly. Um, and those were some challenges.
Now, once they're here and and and they get acclimated with
the different areas, then just like their mom, they don't meet a stranger,
so they get in and they fit in. But I think that was one of some
of the biggest challenges. Was one of my Children to adjust quickly